Add kfp-tekton deployment instructions and update user guide for multi-user (#275)
kubeflow/kfp-tekton: tekton_kfp_guide.md

# Installing Kubeflow Pipelines with Tekton

## Prequisites

A Kubernetes cluster that has least 8 vCPU and 16 GB memory

1. Using IBM Cloud:

    * Authenticating with IBM Cloud

    ```shell
    ibmcloud login
    ```

    * Accessing the IBM Cloud cluster

>     If you do not have access to a cluster created with IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service, follow the [Create an IBM Cloud cluster](/docs/ibm/create-cluster) guide to create a cluster.

Reviewer: > follow the [Create an IBM Cloud cluster](/docs/ibm/create-cluster) guide to create a cluster.
This is a dead link for me

    Run following command to switch the Kubernetes context and access the cluster.

    ```shell
    ibmcloud ks cluster config --cluster <cluster_name>
    ```

    Replace `<cluster_name>` with your cluster name.

2. Using Other Cloud provider or Local Kubernetes Deployment:
    - Visit [Kubeflow Cloud Installation](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/started/cloud/) for picking the preferred environment to deploy Kubeflow.

## IBM Cloud Block Storage Setup

> **Note**: This section is only required when the worker nodes provider `WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER` is set to `classic`. For other infrastructures, IBM Cloud Block Storage is already set up as the cluster's default storage class.

Reviewer: > **Note**: This section is only required when the worker nodes provider `WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER` is set to `classic`.

I think this should be `worker node provider` (no 's'):
```
**Note**: This section is only required when the worker node provider `WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER` is set to `classic`.
```

> When using the `classic` worker nodes provider of IBM Cloud Kubernetes cluster, by default, it uses [IBM Cloud File Storage](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/file-storage) based on NFS as the default storage class. File Storage is designed to run RWX (read-write multiple nodes) workloads with proper security built around it. Therefore, File Storage [does not allow `fsGroup` securityContext](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-security#container) which is needed for DEX and Kubeflow Jupyter Server.

Reviewer: `worker nodes provider` -> `worker node provider`

# Kubeflow deployments. For example, /opt/.
# Then set the Kubeflow application directory for this deployment.
export BASE_DIR=<path to a base directory>
export KF_DIR=${BASE_DIR}/${KF_NAME}

# Set the configuration file to use, such as the file specified below:
export CONFIG_URI="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/IBM/KubeflowDojo/master/manifests/kfctl_ibm_tekton.v1.1.0.yaml"

# Generate and deploy Kubeflow:
mkdir -p ${KF_DIR}
cd ${KF_DIR}
kfctl apply -V -f ${CONFIG_URI}
```

* **${KF_NAME}** - The name of your Kubeflow deployment.
  If you want a custom deployment name, specify that name here.
  For example,  `my-kubeflow` or `kf-test`.
  The value of KF_NAME must consist of lower case alphanumeric characters or
  '-', and must start and end with an alphanumeric character.
  The value of this variable cannot be greater than 25 characters. It must
  contain just a name, not a directory path.
  This value also becomes the name of the directory where your Kubeflow 
  configurations are stored, that is, the Kubeflow application directory. 

* **${KF_DIR}** - The full path to your Kubeflow application directory.

### Multi-user, auth-enabled

> Run the following commands to deploy Kubeflow with GitHub OAuth application as authentication provider by dex. To support multi-users with authentication enabled, this guide uses [dex](https://github.com/dexidp/dex) with [GitHub OAuth](https://developer.github.com/apps/building-oauth-apps/). Before continue, refer to the guide [Creating an OAuth App](https://developer.github.com/apps/building-oauth-apps/creating-an-oauth-app/) for steps to create an OAuth app on GitHub.com.

Reviewer: Is there a reason you are using the old Github developer docs or can we use the new ones?
```suggestion
Run the following commands to deploy Kubeflow with GitHub OAuth application as authentication provider by dex. To support multi-users with authentication enabled, this guide uses [dex](https://github.com/dexidp/dex) with [GitHub OAuth](https://docs.github.com/developers/apps/building-oauth-apps). Before continue, refer to the guide [Creating an OAuth App](https://docs.github.com/developers/apps/creating-an-oauth-app) for steps to create an OAuth app on GitHub.com.
```

## Verify installation

1. Check the resources deployed correctly in namespace `kubeflow`

     ```
     kubectl get all -n kubeflow
     ```

1. Open Kubeflow Dashboard. The default installation does not create an external endpoint but you can use port-forwarding to visit your cluster. Run the following command and visit http://localhost:8080.

     ```
     kubectl port-forward svc/istio-ingressgateway -n istio-system 8080:80
     ```

In case you want to expose the Kubeflow Dashboard over an external IP, you can change the type of the ingress gateway. To do that, you can edit the service:

     kubectl edit -n istio-system svc/istio-ingressgateway

From that file, replace `type: NodePort` with `type: LoadBalancer` and save.

While the change is being applied, you can watch the service until below command prints a value under the `EXTERNAL-IP` column:

     kubectl get -w -n istio-system svc/istio-ingressgateway

The external IP should be accessible by visiting http://<EXTERNAL-IP>. Note that above installation instructions do not create any protection for the external endpoint so it will be accessible to anyone without any authentication. 

## Additional information

> You can find general information about Kubeflow configuration in the guide to [configuring Kubeflow with kfctl and kustomize](/docs/other-guides/kustomize/).

Reviewer: This is a dead link for me as well
